# Medicine and Healthcare
A major advandtage of using real time object detection in the field of medicine and healthcare is that it can help doctors to identify problems within the human body. A good example of this, taken from the TED talk video, is that a real time object detection system can detect cancer cells in our bodies, using this example, it's clear to see that doctors have greater power to detect problems with much greater ease and sometimes before they become visible. Overall, this could save people's lives as it could help doctors detect major problems before its too late so that they can prescribe the right medicine at the right time. This same principle could be taken to detecting malignant bacteria and other types of pathogens in the human body, allowing us to gather a greater understanding as to how they work and, hence, help us find a cure for some of these other potentially fatal diseases.

However, risks start to occur when object detection makes mistakes, i.e., identifying a normal cell as a cancer cell or vice versa. This could end up in people having to take risks about taking intense/dangerous forms of medication, such as chemotheropy, for something that they are not 100% certain that they have - not to mention what the medicine could do to them if they don't have that _disease_ the object detection system told them they had. On the other hand, if you do have a problem that the real time object detection system misses, the problem will go untreated and could potentially get worse, with the chance of it becoming fatal. Overall, because of object detection's disadvantages, a certain degree of caution should be kept in mind when dealing with these serious health risks, this would entail a further medical checks to determine the accuracy of the object detection system.
