# Transport and Navigaiton

Real time object detection means that vehicles such as cars can detect objects on the road. This could mean other cars, stop signs, one-way road signs and all sorts of vital information could be detected on the road. Using this information, _the car_ could make certain decisions like moving forward, moving backward, turning left or right, and stopping. Using all of this information to make desicions can make the car driverless. Therefore real time object detection can be used to make driverless cars. An advantage of driverless cars is that more poeple - who, say, don't know how to drive - have easy access to transport. However, a disadvantage of using real time object detection to make a driverless car is that the object detection systems has to be extremely accurate. There can't be any faults, or any margin of error as people are trusting this algorithm with their lives.

Another example of using this technology in area of transport and navigation is that it could be extremely helpful for human drivers piloting any mode of transport. Whether your a pilot, a car owner or a boat owner, real time object detection can be used to point things out to the driver, like a stop sign 200 metres away. Most of the time, this won't be useful as the driver/pilot would be aware of their surroundings, however, in a few situations, being reminded with a verbal announcement (by the computer) that there's a pigeon on 10 metres infront of you would be very useful, and in some cases, save lives.
