# Computer-Science-Summer-Work-Task-3
# Travel and Tourism
Within the travel and tourism industry, security is one of the most important factors. It stops criminal activity entering or leaving a country and thus reduces crime. In the modern age, with object detection systems and facial recognition software more can be done to help prevent crime in this industry. Facial recognition can detect people and log them onto a database, this way, staff have a list of everyone who has been to, for example, an airport. With this information, certain attributes can be assigned to that person on the _airport's_ database, such as their history with the _airport_. Using this near-instantaneous facial recognition/detection, the system can automatically detect if anyone has been involved in any criminal behaviour before on this _airline_. This system of detecting crime is much faster than using a staff member to run a background check on each person entering and leaving the _airport_. Therefore using object detection and facial recognition systems can make security in the travel and tourism industry more efficient, saving _airports_ and _terminals_ more time whilst allowing them to check more people.

However, there are some small risks to taking this approach as the soul way to prevent crime. Despite this technology is for the most part accurate, there is still a very small margin of error. But, don't get me wrong, the success rate for some of these classification algorithms is above 99%, but with so many people entering the country, this security measure is bound to make a handful of mistakes. In 2017, there were 72.8 million visits abroad from UK citizens, considering the margin of error for this technology can be as low as 0.1%, that would still make 72,800 people who have been falsly identified by this algorithm. So whilst facial recognition and object detection is mostly reliable, due to its limitations, there would have to be staff members that would run a background check on everyone who the algorithm has determined is new to using the _airport_. Overall, the security would become more efficient but there would still have to be staff memebers taking the _old-fashioned_ method to security - to avoid any mistakes.
